adding license at the end of every file for CC-BY-SA (#560)
algorithm-archivists/algorithm-archive: contents/cooley_tukey/cooley_tukey.md

##### Text

The text of this chapter was written by [James Schloss](https://github.com/leios) and is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

[<p><img  class="center" src="../cc/CC-BY-SA_icon.svg" /></p>](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)

##### Images/Graphics
- The image "[FTexample](res/FT_example.png)" was created by [James Schloss](https://github.com/leios) and is licenced under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).
- The image "[radix2positive](res/radix-2screen_positive.jpg)" was created by [James Schloss](https://github.com/leios) and is licenced under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).
- The image "[radix2](res/radix-2screen.jpg)" was created by [James Schloss](https://github.com/leios) and is licenced under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

> - The image "[radix8](res/radix-8_screen.jpg)" was created by [James Schloss](https://github.com/leios) and is licenced under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).

Reviewer: Link doesn't work due to typo.
```suggestion
- The image "[radix8](res/radix-8screen.jpg)" was created by [James Schloss](https://github.com/leios) and is licenced under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode).
```
